# Drex Labs -- Open-Source Code of Conduct 

## **1. Introduction**

Welcome to Era by Drex Labs! We are eager for innovators and
disruptors, and maniacs of all kinds to collab with us.

This Code of Conduct outlines the rules of engagement and our
expectations for contributors.

## **2. Drex Labs' Commitment to You**

Drex Labs commitment to you is to make the Era project a unique,
vibrant, and unorthodox hub for creativity in coding. We believe every
voice matters and all contributions - no matter how unconventional -
have worth. Be prepared to see the usual rules completely disregarded here.

## **3. Let The Sparks Fly**

We believe that passion can often be mistaken for abrasiveness. Here,
we encourage you to express your ideas vehemently, debate fiercely,
and even let the sparks fly when necessary. Passionate arguments are
often a sign that you care and are invested in the project, which we
highly value.

However, remember that even the fieriest discussions should have their
boundaries: attack ideas, not individuals.

## **4. Brace for Impact**

In our quest for uncommon creativity and top-tier talent, we're not
coddling anyone here. Expect a friendly jab thrown your way now and
then. No tantrums, no drama; absorb it in good humor, toss it back,
and keep going. With exceptional talent comes thick skin.

## **5. Do Your Own Research**

We value tenacity and self-reliance. Figure things out, and break
barriers. You may find yourself in uncharted waters here, facing
unprecedented challenges. Take them head-on.

## **6. Speak Up, But Be Ready For Rebuttals**

We're not trying to create a safe space; we're creating a dynamic
one. Feel free to voice your concerns, but remember: you are in a
space teeming with varying perspectives and you may face robust
responses.

## **7. Reporting Grave Issues**

For any serious violations of this Code of Conduct, report them to
Drex Labs. We're here to ensure that Drex Labs remains a breeding
ground of innovative, critical thinking, free-spirited discussion, and
above all, high-grade creativity.

By participating in the Era project, you agree to have fun, challenge
the norms, respect this Code of Conduct and to be gutsy in your journey
with us! Welcome aboard, let's shape the future of finance together.

